How to build an Uberjar from containers (#18402)
metabase/metabase: docs/developers-guide/build.md

    ./bin/build

After running the build script simply look in `target/uberjar` for the output .jar file and you are ready to go.

> ### Build the Uberjar on a containerized environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build  a Metabase Uberjar in a containerized environment
```

> If you want to build Metabase but you don't want to install Clojure, Java and Node.js on your host machine, you can build the Uberjar inside a container by just simply running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build Metabase without installing Clojure, Java, and Node.js on your host machine, you can build the Uberjar inside a container by running:
```

```
DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build --output container-output/ .
```

> and you will have a metabase.jar on the app/ folder ready to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that your Docker Daemon is running before executing the command. After running the command, you'll find the Metabase JAR file at `./container-output/app/metabase.jar`.
```
